docs/documentation/index.md, before:

## Welcome to Toplytics

Toplytics is a WordPress plugin which displays the most visited posts as a widget using data extracted from Google Analytics. It is designed to work with high-traffic sites and all types of caching.

!!! Important
    You need to have Google Analytics active on your site if you want to use this plugin!

### Why should I use this plugin?
You should use this plugin if you want to display the most visited posts of your site in a safe and stable manner, with no risk of downtime or slowness, based on data from Google Analytics statistics. The plugin is built for high-traffic sites where counting every visitor's click loads up the DB and can potentially crash the site.

### Features
- Connection with Google Analytics Account using OAuth 2.0 method;
- Starting with the plugin version 3.0 we have switched to GA API v3
- Offers a widget displaying the most visited posts as simple links (no styling);
- The widget can display the most visited posts from the past day, week or month;
- You can set the number of posts to be displayed between 1 and 250;
- It can also display the number of views as counted by Google Analytics;
- i18n support/translation requests are more than welcome;
- Generate the list of the most visited posts dynamicaly with JavaScript to correctly display them with any caching mechanism/plugin;
- Custom template for displaying the widget is available and should be included in the active theme folder;
- You can use some of the plugin's functions if the above are not enough for your customization needs;
- Shortcodes are now supported for easier integration into posts/pages or other widgets.

### License
This project is licensed under the [General Public License version 2.0](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html).

Commit message:

Updated toplytics docs for hugo

docs/documentation/index.md, after:

---
title: Welcome to Toplytics
linktitle: Welcome to Toplytics
description: Toplytics is a WordPress plugin which displays the most visited posts as a widget using data extracted from Google Analytics. It is designed to work with high-traffic sites and all types of caching.
categories: []
keywords: [toplytics]
menu:
  docs:
    parent: ""
weight: 1
draft: false
aliases: []
toc: true
---

## Why should I use this plugin?
You should use this plugin if you want to display the most visited posts of your site in a safe and stable manner, with no risk of downtime or slowness, based on data from Google Analytics statistics. The plugin is built for high-traffic sites where counting every visitor's click loads up the DB and can potentially crash the site.

{{% warning %}}You need to have Google Analytics active on your site if you want to use this plugin!{% /warning %}

## Features
- Connection with Google Analytics Account using OAuth 2.0 method;
- Starting with the plugin version 3.0 we have switched to GA API v3
- Offers a widget displaying the most visited posts as simple links (no styling);
- The widget can display the most visited posts from the past day, week or month;
- You can set the number of posts to be displayed between 1 and 250;
- It can also display the number of views as counted by Google Analytics;
- i18n support/translation requests are more than welcome;
- Generate the list of the most visited posts dynamicaly with JavaScript to correctly display them with any caching mechanism/plugin;
- Custom template for displaying the widget is available and should be included in the active theme folder;
- You can use some of the plugin's functions if the above are not enough for your customization needs;
- Shortcodes are now supported for easier integration into posts/pages or other widgets.

## License
This project is licensed under the [General Public License version 2.0](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html).
